286 improve datasets documentation to highlight pipeline schema requirements (#289)
seqeralabs/nf-tower-docs: docs/pipeline-schema/overview.md

Tower uses your pipeline schema to build a bespoke launchpad parameters form.

!!! tip
    You can populate the parameters in the pipeline by uploading a YAML or a JSON file, or in the Tower UI.

See [here](https://github.com/nf-core/rnaseq/blob/e049f51f0214b2aef7624b9dd496a404a7c34d14/nextflow_schema.json) for an example of a pipeline schema file for the `nf-core/rnaseq` pipeline. 

## How can I build my own Pipeline schema file for my Nextflow pipelines?

The pipeline schema is based on [json-schema.org](https://json-schema.org/) syntax, with some additional conventions. While you can create your pipeline schema manually, we recommmend the use of [nf-core tools](https://nf-co.re/tools), a toolset for developing Nextflow pipelines.

When you run the `nf-core schema build` command in your pipeline root directory, the tool collects your pipeline parameters and gives you interactive prompts about missing or unexpected parameters. If no existing schema file is found, the tool will create one for you.

> For more information, please follow [this link](https://nf-co.re/tools/#build-a-pipeline-schema).

Author: ```suggestion
For more information, see [this link](https://nf-co.re/tools/#build-a-pipeline-schema).
```
